So let's go ahead now and dive
into this starter code that we're going to be working with.
Basically, what we have set up for this first couple of lessons,
is working with this simulated highway environment
where we're going to be doing lidar scanning and see the other cars around us.
Then, look at the point cloud processing techniques
to figure out where these other cars are at.
So the main files that we'll be working with, there's four of them;
its environment.cpp, its processPointClouds,
and there's a.cpp and a header file for that as well.
Then, there's this render directory.
You won't be working with that too closely,
but it's nice to know that it's there,
and it has this render.cpp and render.h files.
Also, is this sensors lidar.h,
and we'll be using that later to do some scanning.